
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000028                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    28474500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   28474500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  46230                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83741                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              244644393                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8517752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5380                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          9746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data          3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data             58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst        341639010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data        130362254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     40457251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            512458516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    341639010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       341639010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst       341639010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data       130362254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     40457251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           512458516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples        58.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000742165                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState                459                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                        228                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                      228                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                 14592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                  14592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                     28212500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                  228                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                    180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           52                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean          240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.701076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   217.265718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127           13     25.00%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255           17     32.69%     57.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           15     28.85%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511            2      3.85%     90.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639            1      1.92%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      3.85%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.92%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            1      1.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           52                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst         9728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data         3712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher         1152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 341639010.342587232590                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 130362253.946513548493                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 40457251.224780067801                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          152                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data           58                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher           18                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst      4830743                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      2237886                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher       479848                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31781.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     38584.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     26658.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     3560301                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                7548477                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    759696                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    15615.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33107.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      512.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   512.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     164                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    123739.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            152818.848000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            165853.632000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           862294.944000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        4156132.881600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        5689335.355200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        146821.248000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   13242189.004800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy     399.840000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          24415845.753600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           857.463546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime            21448578                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       141000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN          833                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      5731414                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     21551253                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            46781.280000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            49756.089600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           96745.286400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        4156132.881600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1479128.112000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        462215.040000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   10580342.169600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   4226708.640000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          21097809.499200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           740.936961                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime            24666290                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       624500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF      1050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      8805480                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       772202                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     17222318                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         10304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data          3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             15168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        10304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        10304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data             60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst        361867636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data        134857504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     35962001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            532687141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    361867636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       361867636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst       361867636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data       134857504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     35962001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           532687141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples        60.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples        16.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000751165                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState                473                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                        237                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                      237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                 15168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                  15168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2               35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                     28335500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                  237                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                    177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           58                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.379310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.247828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   236.731607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127           22     37.93%     37.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255           19     32.76%     70.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383            9     15.52%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511            3      5.17%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      3.45%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      3.45%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            1      1.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           58                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        10304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data         3840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher         1024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 361867635.954977273941                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 134857504.082600235939                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 35962001.088693395257                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          161                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data           60                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher           16                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst      5161325                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      2147311                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher       469837                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32057.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     35788.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     29364.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     3632869                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                7778473                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    789684                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    15328.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32820.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      532.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   532.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     166                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                70.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    119559.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            187125.120000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            211463.380800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           908564.428800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        4156132.881600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        5548499.712000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        77760.883200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   13333288.550400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   59576.160000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          24482411.116800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           859.801265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime            21712504                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        34000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN       124833                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      5564488                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     21701179                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            34306.272000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            29024.385600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           88332.652800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        4156132.881600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        1424633.918400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        535081.881600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   10635616.051200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   4160735.040000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          21063863.083200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           739.744792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime            25885094                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       736500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF      1050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      8667480                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       709398                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     17311122                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    4240                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              4240                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               714                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 1020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 24                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            1020                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                330                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses              690                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          179                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        1671                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        1177                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            32                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                             9                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                        5213                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON        28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                            56950                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              11801                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          19318                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        4240                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches                445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         12634                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 2017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           971                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          571                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1708                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      5072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   282                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              30479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.140982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.159233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    22784     74.75%     74.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      731      2.40%     77.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      787      2.58%     79.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      751      2.46%     82.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      760      2.49%     84.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      818      2.68%     87.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                     3848     12.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                6                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                30479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.074451                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.339210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    16169                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                  6656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      6260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   617                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    777                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  26494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                  4205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    777                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    17527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    1852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           1421                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      5495                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  3407                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  23067                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                  1564                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                     2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     65                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   3260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               25723                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 55345                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            31897                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                 4                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 11062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    14661                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 32                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             31                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                       960                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 2491                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                1625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 8                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                3                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      21391                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  35                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     17994                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                35                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           11679                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        16666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         30479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.590374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.314919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               23969     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                1651      5.42%     84.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                1375      4.51%     88.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                1457      4.78%     93.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                1212      3.98%     97.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 516      1.69%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 299      0.98%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           30479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     80     66.67%     66.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    39     32.50%     99.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%     99.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                1      0.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                66      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 14405     80.05%     80.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    8      0.04%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     7      0.04%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                    0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                 0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash               0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash             0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2              0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3              0      0.00%     80.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 2172     12.07%     92.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                1332      7.40%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              4      0.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  17994                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.315961                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         120                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.006669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              66613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             33105                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   9                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  8                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            1                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  18043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       5                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          690                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Store at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Loads at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedLoads         1053                       # number of commited loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedStores          935                       # number of commited stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedLoads            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedStores            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCapabilityCacheMiss            0                       # Total number of capability cache misses
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    777                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    1740                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    14                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               21426                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch              Due to PID Missprediction
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  2491                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 1625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 33                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      4                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQCapabilityBlockEvent            0                       # number of times the IEW blocked due to a capability check
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             39                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  872                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 16413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  1668                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute              Due to Misspredicted PID
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         2845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     1629                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       1177                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.288200                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          16141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         16007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     10636                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     16309                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.281071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.652155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           10016                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              12                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               769                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.346524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.109795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        24733     87.94%     87.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1046      3.72%     91.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          500      1.78%     93.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          805      2.86%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          410      1.46%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          141      0.50%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          490      1.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                 5380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                   9746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           1988                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          1053                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       1208                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                      9652                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  106                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu             7747     79.49%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               3      0.03%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                7      0.07%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            1053     10.80%     90.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            935      9.59%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total              9746                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        47397                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       41897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           26471                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                          9746                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                              10.585502                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                        10.585502                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.094469                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.094469                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    20023                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   12632                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                         1                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                      7729                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                     4778                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    7058                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.numOutStandingCapabilityCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of R/W Accesses to Capability Cache in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingWriteAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Write Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingReadAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Read Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOfAliasTableAccess                    0                       # Number of Checkes for PID Misprediction
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPmAn                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PmAn PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0An                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted P0An PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPnA0                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PnA0 PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredict                          0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTAccuracy                           nan                       # Overall LVPT Accuracy
system.cpu.numAliasCacheMisses                      0                       # Number of AliasCache Misses
system.cpu.numAliasCacheAccesses                    0                       # Number of Alias Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheMisses                 0                       # Number of Capability Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheAccesses               0                       # Number of Capability Cache Misses
system.cpu.overallCapabilityCacheMissRate          nan                       # Overall CapabilityCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.overallAliasCacheMissRate              nan                       # Overall AliasCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityCheckMicroops             0                       # number of injected capability check microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityFreeMicroops              0                       # number of injected capability free microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityGenMicroops               0                       # number of injected capability gen microops
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0LowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0PointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            82.973996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                2325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             16.258741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            218500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    82.973996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.081029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.081029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.139648                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              4913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             4913                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             2182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            2182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6963000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6963000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     19926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     19926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data          935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.086207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.083422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.083422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.085115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.085115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       103704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89269.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89269.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98157.635468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98157.635468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98157.635468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98157.635468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   163.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6807000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6807000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.083422                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083422                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.059958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.059958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 110861.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110861.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87269.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87269.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 97993.006993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97993.006993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 97993.006993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97993.006993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           135.746585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                4946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             15.171779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   135.746585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.265130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.265130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.539062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             10448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            10448                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            4620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             4620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            4620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41713990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41713990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41713990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     41713990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41713990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     41713990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         5061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         5061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 94589.546485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94589.546485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 94589.546485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94589.546485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 94589.546485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94589.546485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19474                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               140                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   139.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33580493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33580493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33580493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33580493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33580493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33580493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 103007.647239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103007.647239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 103007.647239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103007.647239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 103007.647239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103007.647239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     50                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued              216                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified                 216                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                     0                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                    22.133436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                        84                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.440476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   2520000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      16.630214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher     5.503222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.000168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022             2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.000061                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.001343                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                      4236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                     4236                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks           50                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               50                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 13                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                   24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                  24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      37                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data              54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total              65                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data                119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data               119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   432                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6094500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       6094500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32967500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     32967500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7043000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      7043000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32967500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13137500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         46105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32967500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13137500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        46105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks           50                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           50                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data            78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          326                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            326                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data              143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                  469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data             143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                 469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692308                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.692308                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.960123                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.960123                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.960123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.832168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.921109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.960123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.832168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.921109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 112861.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112861.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 105327.476038                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105327.476038                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108353.846154                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108353.846154                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 105327.476038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 110399.159664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106724.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 105327.476038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 110399.159664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106724.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher           67                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total             67                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             54                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher      2100847                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2100847                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4960500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4960500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26394500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26394500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5631500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5631500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26394500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10592000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36986500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26394500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10592000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher      2100847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39087347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.960123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.960123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.825175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.918977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.960123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.825175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      1.061834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 31355.925373                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31355.925373                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91861.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91861.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84327.476038                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84327.476038                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87992.187500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87992.187500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84327.476038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89762.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85815.545244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84327.476038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89762.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 31355.925373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78488.648594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           465                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total          930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        15168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        29760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   29760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               465                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     465    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 465                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              285429                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy              299432                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2496692                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              8.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          519                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           52                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             33                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           33                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     28474500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           50                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               78                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              78                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           65                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                   988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                  33216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                              75                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.064338                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.245580                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    509     93.57%     93.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     35      6.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total                544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             309500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            489000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            214500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
